# Design and Health
## Patient comfort</br>
</br>
Taking into account the “digital” experience of the patient is today a key notion in the medical field.</br>
</br>
To do this, caregivers conduct a well-structured dialogue with the patient, in order to collect all the information relating to the therapeutic measures to be taken. This is essential to personalize care according to the patient's state of health.</br>
</br>
The digitization of therapeutic techniques and the use of connected objects is often seen as a means of improving patient comfort.
However, this can also be seen by the patient as a control or even a means of control...</br>

**WHAT RELATION DO PATIENTS HAVE WITH CONNECTED OBJECTS?**</br>

**HOW DOES A PATIENT LIVE DAILY WITH A CONNECTED OBJECT?**</br>

**WHAT IS THE ROLE OF THE CONNECTED OBJECT IN A PATIENT'S DAILY LIFE?**</br>

## REFERENCES
L’inovation sociale par le design en santé
- Science du design (6)</br>
Design et territoires de pratiques en santé : enjeux pour la recherche et laformation</br>
- Science du Design (6)</br>
</br>
UX Design applied to Health. Considering patient’s digital experience in order to help conception of mobile application. Approach, method, results.</br>
- Clément Gravereaux</br>
</br>
Health Design Thinking: Creating Products and Services for Better Health</br>
- Bon Ku, MD Ellen Lupton</br>
</br>
CAIRN.INFO</br>
</br>

## METHODOLOGY
**Mindmaps, Interviews, Analysis…**</br>
Who ?</br>
- Doctors</br>
- Nurses</br>
- Patients</br>
- designer </br>
- concepteur </br>
…</br>
</br>
## Interview guide
- What connected objects do you use?</br>
- How / When / Why do you use connected objects</br>
- How do people position themselves in the face of connected objects in the health sector?</br>
- How does the connected object help the patient on a daily basis?</br>
- How have connected objects evolved in the health sector?</br>
- The need for these connected objects according to medical staff / patients</br>
- Are connected objects comfort tools? Control ?</br>
- If ok, show used apps</br>
- What does the connected object change in your daily life?</br>
- List times when the object was used (example)</br>